OFF. AND THAT IS ALL. RACHEL MADDOW I
AND THAT IS ALL. RACHEL MADDOW I HERE.
HERE. >> JOHN GOTTI DIED IN PRISON
>> JOHN GOTTI DIED IN PRISON AFTER SERVING TEN YEARS OF A
AFTER SERVING TEN YEARS OF A LIFE SENTENCE FOR HIS
LIFE SENTENCE FOR HIS CONVICTIONS FOR FIVE DIFFERENT
CONVICTIONS FOR FIVE DIFFERENT MURDERS.
MURDERS. JOHN GOTTI WAS THE BOSS OF THE
JOHN GOTTI WAS THE BOSS OF THE GAMBINO CRIME FAMILY IN THE
GAMBINO CRIME FAMILY IN THE MAFIA.
MAFIA. BUT BEFORE HE DIED, WHILE HE WAS
BUT BEFORE HE DIED, WHILE HE WAS STILL IN FEDERAL PRISON, ONE OF
STILL IN FEDERAL PRISON, ONE OF THE THINGS THAT JOHN GOTTI GOT
THE THINGS THAT JOHN GOTTI GOT TONE JOY AS-- GOT TO ENJOY IN FE
TONE JOY AS-- GOT TO ENJOY IN FE PRISON IS THAT HE FAIRLY REGULAR
PRISON IS THAT HE FAIRLY REGULAR VISITS FROM MEMBERS OF HIS
VISITS FROM MEMBERS OF HIS FAMILY AND BECAUSE THEY ARE
FAMILY AND BECAUSE THEY ARE CONVERSATIONS WERE MONITORED BY
CONVERSATIONS WERE MONITORED BY PRISON AUTHORITIES AND IN HIS
PRISON AUTHORITIES AND IN HIS CASE THEY WERE NOT JUST AUDIO
CASE THEY WERE NOT JUST AUDIO TAPED, THEY WERE VIDEO TAPED, WE
TAPED, THEY WERE VIDEO TAPED, WE CAN NOW FOR THE AGES SEE IN
CAN NOW FOR THE AGES SEE IN LIVING COLOR -- OR AT LEAST IN
LIVING COLOR -- OR AT LEAST IN BLURRY WASHED OUT USED TO BE
BLURRY WASHED OUT USED TO BE COLOR, NOT JUST THE MOVIE IDEA
COLOR, NOT JUST THE MOVIE IDEA OR THE COMIC BOOK IDEA OF WHAT
OR THE COMIC BOOK IDEA OF WHAT GANGSTERS ARE LIKE, WITH THE
GANGSTERS ARE LIKE, WITH THE GOTTY PRISON TAKES YOU COULD SEE
GOTTY PRISON TAKES YOU COULD SEE THE REAL DEAL.
THE REAL DEAL. AND HE’S EXACTLY AS CHARMING AS
AND HE’S EXACTLY AS CHARMING AS YOU MIGHT CHECK.
YOU MIGHT CHECK. NOT JUST IN DEALING WITH HISPEER
NOT JUST IN DEALING WITH HISPEER IN CRIME BUT DEALING WITH
IN CRIME BUT DEALING WITH IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS.
IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS. THIS IS HOW HE SPOKE TO HIS
THIS IS HOW HE SPOKE TO HIS 10-YEAR-OLD GRAND SON WHO HAD
10-YEAR-OLD GRAND SON WHO HAD COME TO VISIT HIM AND THE
COME TO VISIT HIM AND THE GRANDSON TOLD HIM HIS CAREER
GRANDSON TOLD HIM HIS CAREER PLANS WERE BECOME A PROFESSIONAL
PLANS WERE BECOME A PROFESSIONAL ATHLETE, THIS IS HOW HIS
ATHLETE, THIS IS HOW HIS GRANDFATHER RESPONDED.
GRANDFATHER RESPONDED. >> THAT IS A GOOD CHANCE THAT
>> THAT IS A GOOD CHANCE THAT YOU MIGHT GO TO SCHOOL AND
YOU MIGHT GO TO SCHOOL AND BECOME A LAWYER, JOHN.
BECOME A LAWYER, JOHN. >> NO, DADDY, HE IS GOING TO
>> NO, DADDY, HE IS GOING TO BECOME A LAWYER.
BECOME A LAWYER. >> NO, I’M NOT.
>> NO, I’M NOT. >> REALLY?
>> REALLY? >> NO, I’M NOT.
>> NO, I’M NOT. I’M GOING TO BE A BASKETBALL
I’M GOING TO BE A BASKETBALL PLAYER.
PLAYER. [ INAUDIBLE ].
[ INAUDIBLE ]. >> YOU AIN’T GOING TO BE A
>> YOU AIN’T GOING TO BE A BASEBALL PLAYER OR A BASKETBALL
BASEBALL PLAYER OR A BASKETBALL PLAYER.
PLAYER. >> HE’S BEEN SMART TODAY.
>> HE’S BEEN SMART TODAY. >> LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING --
>> LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING -- >> YOU TELL ME WHAT I WANT TO BE
>> YOU TELL ME WHAT I WANT TO BE AND I NEVER SAID I WANTED TO
AND I NEVER SAID I WANTED TO BE --
BE -- >> LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING
>> LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING ABOUT BASKETBALL AND BASEBALL
ABOUT BASKETBALL AND BASEBALL PLAYERS, TO BE GOOD BASKETBALL
PLAYERS, TO BE GOOD BASKETBALL PLAYER OR A BASEBALL PLAYER
PLAYER OR A BASEBALL PLAYER FIRST OF ALL, YOU HAVE TO BE A
FIRST OF ALL, YOU HAVE TO BE A GOOD LIAR, A GOOD LOW-LIFE, AND
GOOD LIAR, A GOOD LOW-LIFE, AND AN --
AN -- >> TAKE A LOT OF DRUGS.
>> TAKE A LOT OF DRUGS. >> YOU GOT TO TAKE STORIESY --
>> YOU GOT TO TAKE STORIESY -- STEROIDS AND ANYBODY THAT DOES
STEROIDS AND ANYBODY THAT DOES TAKE STEROIDS IS A GARBAGE PAIL.
TAKE STEROIDS IS A GARBAGE PAIL. >> FINE, THEN I’M A CROOK.
>> FINE, THEN I’M A CROOK. >> I DON’T CARE IF YOU ARE
>> I DON’T CARE IF YOU ARE NOTHING.
NOTHING. YOU AIN’T -- YOU THINK YOU’RE
YOU AIN’T -- YOU THINK YOU’RE BEING SELFISH AND SPITEFUL WITH
BEING SELFISH AND SPITEFUL WITH ME.
ME. YOU GET AN [ BLEEP ] FROM ME.
YOU GET AN [ BLEEP ] FROM ME. I AIN’T THE FATHER OF YOUR
I AIN’T THE FATHER OF YOUR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN. >> HE’S BEING A SMART ALEC.
>> HE’S BEING A SMART ALEC. BELIEVE ME, HE’LL GET --
BELIEVE ME, HE’LL GET -- [ BLEEP ].
[ BLEEP ]. >> YOU WILL NEVER FORGET ME --
>> YOU WILL NEVER FORGET ME -- THE [ BLEEP ] YOU’LL GET FROM
THE [ BLEEP ] YOU’LL GET FROM ME.
ME. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
DO YOU UNDERSTAND? I GOT TOO MANY FRIENDS RIGHT NOW
I GOT TOO MANY FRIENDS RIGHT NOW AND I DON’T NEED YOU FOR A
AND I DON’T NEED YOU FOR A FRIEND.
FRIEND. I GOT A MILLION FRIENDS RIGHT
I GOT A MILLION FRIENDS RIGHT NOW.
NOW. A MILLION PEOPLE WHO COME IN AND
A MILLION PEOPLE WHO COME IN AND SEE ME NOW THEY WOULD CRY TO SEE
SEE ME NOW THEY WOULD CRY TO SEE ME SO YOU ANTD DO -- AIN’T DOING
ME SO YOU ANTD DO -- AIN’T DOING ME ANYTHING AND YOU SAVE THAT
ME ANYTHING AND YOU SAVE THAT FOR YOUR FATHER.
FOR YOUR FATHER. IF I HEAR THAT I’LL PUT MY
IF I HEAR THAT I’LL PUT MY [ BLEEP ] UP YOUR [ BLEEP ].
[ BLEEP ] UP YOUR [ BLEEP ]. I’M SERIOUS, BOY.
I’M SERIOUS, BOY. THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS WITH
THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS WITH YOU GUYS, YOU [ BLEEP ].
YOU GUYS, YOU [ BLEEP ]. BECAUSE PEOPLE [ BLEEP ] WITH
BECAUSE PEOPLE [ BLEEP ] WITH THE ANSWERS YOU GAVE.
THE ANSWERS YOU GAVE. YOU COULD LOOK AT SAD AS YOU
YOU COULD LOOK AT SAD AS YOU WANT TO LOOK.
WANT TO LOOK. NOW GIVE THAT PHONE OVER AND GET
NOW GIVE THAT PHONE OVER AND GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE.
THE HELL OUT OF HERE. >> YOU BETTER NOT [ BLEEP ] WITH
>> YOU BETTER NOT [ BLEEP ] WITH ME.
ME. THAT COMES FROM YOUR MOTHER, NOT
THAT COMES FROM YOUR MOTHER, NOT FROM ME.
FROM ME. >> THAT WAS JOHN GOTTI IN PRISON
>> THAT WAS JOHN GOTTI IN PRISON IN 1998, SWEARING AT HIS
IN 1998, SWEARING AT HIS GRANDSON AND SENDING HIM AWAY
GRANDSON AND SENDING HIM AWAY FOR HAVING TEMMERETITY WHO SAID
FOR HAVING TEMMERETITY WHO SAID WANTED TO BE A ATHLETE AND
WANTED TO BE A ATHLETE AND DRESSED UP TO COME AND SEE HIM.
DRESSED UP TO COME AND SEE HIM. AND IN THE SAME VISITS WHICH WE
AND IN THE SAME VISITS WHICH WE HAVE TAPES AND TRANSCRIPTS OF,
HAVE TAPES AND TRANSCRIPTS OF, WE ALSO KNOW THAT JOHN GOTTI
WE ALSO KNOW THAT JOHN GOTTI SHARED A VOTE OF CONFIDENCE IN
SHARED A VOTE OF CONFIDENCE IN HIS DAUGHTER’S HUSBAND.
HIS DAUGHTER’S HUSBAND. HIS OWN SON-IN-LAW A GUY NAMED
HIS OWN SON-IN-LAW A GUY NAMED CAR MINE AG NELLO WHO WAS NOT
CAR MINE AG NELLO WHO WAS NOT ABLE TO VISIT IN PRISON BECAUSE
ABLE TO VISIT IN PRISON BECAUSE OF HIS OWN TROUBLES WITH THE
OF HIS OWN TROUBLES WITH THE CRIMINAL LAW BUT THAT DOES D --
CRIMINAL LAW BUT THAT DOES D -- DID NOT GOTTI STOP FROM WHAT HE
DID NOT GOTTI STOP FROM WHAT HE THOUGHT ON HER HUSBAND AND I
THOUGHT ON HER HUSBAND AND I WILL SPARE YOU THE TAPES BECAUSE
WILL SPARE YOU THE TAPES BECAUSE THE BLEEPING GETS EXHAUSTING.
THE BLEEPING GETS EXHAUSTING. BUT ON THE SAME TAPES GOTTI TOLD
BUT ON THE SAME TAPES GOTTI TOLD HIS DAUGHTER ABOUT HER HUSBAND,
HIS DAUGHTER ABOUT HER HUSBAND, QUOTE, HE’S GOING TO GET
QUOTE, HE’S GOING TO GET INDICTED ANY DAY.
INDICTED ANY DAY. THIS MORON.
THIS MORON. LOOK YOU WANT A PREDICTION, BY
LOOK YOU WANT A PREDICTION, BY JUNE YOUR HUSBAND WILL GET
JUNE YOUR HUSBAND WILL GET INDICTED AND EVERY TWO OR THREE
INDICTED AND EVERY TWO OR THREE CENTS HE GOT WILL BE ALL TIED
CENTS HE GOT WILL BE ALL TIED UP.
UP. HE TOLD HER ABOUT HER HUSBAND,
HE TOLD HER ABOUT HER HUSBAND, HE’S AN IMBESS ILL AND LED A
HE’S AN IMBESS ILL AND LED A LIST OF IMAGINARY CHARGES
LIST OF IMAGINARY CHARGES AGAINST HER HUSBAND.
AGAINST HER HUSBAND. YOU GOT TO SEE THE CHARGES.
YOU GOT TO SEE THE CHARGES. MALICIOUS MOPARY, POSSESSION OF
MALICIOUS MOPARY, POSSESSION OF BRAIN WITH INTENT TO USE.
BRAIN WITH INTENT TO USE. STOLEN BUMPER AND HUBCAP.
STOLEN BUMPER AND HUBCAP. THAT WAS A REFERENCE TO THE FANT
THAT WAS A REFERENCE TO THE FANT THAT HIS DAUGHTER’S HUSBAND WAS
THAT HIS DAUGHTER’S HUSBAND WAS IN THE AUTO SALVAGE AND SCRAP
IN THE AUTO SALVAGE AND SCRAP METAL BUSINESS SO THAT IS JOHN
METAL BUSINESS SO THAT IS JOHN GETTY SAYING I WOULD GET IN
GETTY SAYING I WOULD GET IN TROUBLE FOR A STOLEN BUMPER OR A
TROUBLE FOR A STOLEN BUMPER OR A HUB CAB.
HUB CAB. HE REFERENCED THE FACT THAT HIS
HE REFERENCED THE FACT THAT HIS SON-IN-LAW WAS THOUGHT TO HAVE A
SON-IN-LAW WAS THOUGHT TO HAVE A MOOD DISORDER THAT RESULTED IN
MOOD DISORDER THAT RESULTED IN VIOLENT RAGES FOR WHICH HE TOOK
VIOLENT RAGES FOR WHICH HE TOOK MEDICATION.
MEDICATION. AND HIS SAID TO NIZ DAUGHTER IN
AND HIS SAID TO NIZ DAUGHTER IN THE PRISON VISIT ABOUT HER
THE PRISON VISIT ABOUT HER HUSBAND, IS HE FEELING GOOD?
HUSBAND, IS HE FEELING GOOD? IS HE NOT FEELING GOOD?
IS HE NOT FEELING GOOD? IS HIS MEDICATION INCREASED,
IS HIS MEDICATION INCREASED, DECREASED OR UP OR DOWN?
DECREASED OR UP OR DOWN? DOES HE GET INTO THE BACKSEAT OF
DOES HE GET INTO THE BACKSEAT OF THE CAR AND THINK SOMEBODY IS
THE CAR AND THINK SOMEBODY IS STOLEN THE STEERING WHEEL?
STOLEN THE STEERING WHEEL? NICE.
NICE. NICE GUY.
NICE GUY. MUST BE NICE FOR THE WHOLE
MUST BE NICE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY.
FAMILY. THAT IS 1998.
THAT IS 1998. JOHN GOTTI BEFORE HE DIED A FEW
JOHN GOTTI BEFORE HE DIED A FEW YEARS LATER IN PRISON.
YEARS LATER IN PRISON. BERATING HIS DAUGHTER ABOUT HER
BERATING HIS DAUGHTER ABOUT HER THEN HUSBAND, HIS OWN
THEN HUSBAND, HIS OWN SON-IN-LAW.
SON-IN-LAW. BUT YOU KNOW, IN SOME WAYS JOHN
BUT YOU KNOW, IN SOME WAYS JOHN GOTTI WAS A LITTLE BIT RIGHT, AT
GOTTI WAS A LITTLE BIT RIGHT, AT LEAST ON ONE OF THE POINTS.
LEAST ON ONE OF THE POINTS. BECAUSE THOSE PRISON TAPES WERE
BECAUSE THOSE PRISON TAPES WERE FROM 1998.
FROM 1998. THE FOLLOWING YEAR, IN 1999, A
THE FOLLOWING YEAR, IN 1999, A NEW BUSINESS OPENED UP IN
NEW BUSINESS OPENED UP IN QUEENS, NEW YORK.
QUEENS, NEW YORK. A NEW BUSINESS CALLED STADIUM
A NEW BUSINESS CALLED STADIUM SCRAP.
SCRAP. IT WAS CALLED STADIUM SCRAP
IT WAS CALLED STADIUM SCRAP BECAUSE IT WAS NEAR SHEA STADIUM
BECAUSE IT WAS NEAR SHEA STADIUM WHERE THE METS USED TO PLAY AND
WHERE THE METS USED TO PLAY AND THEY OPENED DOORS IN 1999.
THEY OPENED DOORS IN 1999. AND THEY STARTED BUYING UP DEAD
AND THEY STARTED BUYING UP DEAD CARS.
CARS. AND PUTTING THEM IN THE CRUSHER.
AND PUTTING THEM IN THE CRUSHER. SMASHING THEM INTO HUNKS OF
SMASHING THEM INTO HUNKS OF METAL AND THEN SELLING THAT
METAL AND THEN SELLING THAT METAL TO SHREDDERS AND SCRAP
METAL TO SHREDDERS AND SCRAP DEALERS.
DEALERS. AND WHEN STADIUM SCRAP OPENED UP
AND WHEN STADIUM SCRAP OPENED UP IN 1999, IT SEEMED LIKE EVERY
IN 1999, IT SEEMED LIKE EVERY OTHER BUSINESS OF THAT KIND IN
OTHER BUSINESS OF THAT KIND IN THAT PART OF QUEENS, NEW YORK,
THAT PART OF QUEENS, NEW YORK, BUT IF YOU LOOKED SUPER CLOSELY,
BUT IF YOU LOOKED SUPER CLOSELY, THERE WAS SOMETHING ABOUT THAT
THERE WAS SOMETHING ABOUT THAT BUSINESS THAT WAS VERY DIFFERENT
BUSINESS THAT WAS VERY DIFFERENT COMPARED TO OTHER BUSINESSES OF
COMPARED TO OTHER BUSINESSES OF THAT TYPE.
THAT TYPE. STADIUM SCRAP TURNED OUT HAD
STADIUM SCRAP TURNED OUT HAD CAMERAS EVERYWHERE.
CAMERAS EVERYWHERE. AND MICROPHONES.
AND MICROPHONES. QUOTE, A PEN AND TILT MICROWAVE
QUOTE, A PEN AND TILT MICROWAVE CAMERA WAS POSITIONED ON A POLE
CAMERA WAS POSITIONED ON A POLE 100 YARDS FROM THE ENTRANCE TO
100 YARDS FROM THE ENTRANCE TO THE BUSINESS AND IT VIEWED THE
THE BUSINESS AND IT VIEWED THE FRONT OF THE YARD AND MOST OF
FRONT OF THE YARD AND MOST OF THE STREET.
THE STREET. ADDITIONALLY A RECORDING DEVICE
ADDITIONALLY A RECORDING DEVICE WAS INSTALLED ON THE YARD
WAS INSTALLED ON THE YARD TELEPHONE AND A LISTENING DEVICE
TELEPHONE AND A LISTENING DEVICE WAS STALLED IN THE TRAILER USED
WAS STALLED IN THE TRAILER USED AS AN OFFICE.
AS AN OFFICE. THEY INSTALLED TWO VIDEO CAMERAS
THEY INSTALLED TWO VIDEO CAMERAS INSIDE OF THE TRAILER AND ONE
INSIDE OF THE TRAILER AND ONE OUTSIDE OVERLOOKING THE SALVAGE
OUTSIDE OVERLOOKING THE SALVAGE YARD.
YARD. AND THESE WEREN’T THE KIND OF
AND THESE WEREN’T THE KIND OF CAMERAS FOR SECURITY PURPOSES.
CAMERAS FOR SECURITY PURPOSES. THEY WERE CAMERAS AND
THEY WERE CAMERAS AND MICROPHONES THAT WERE HIDDEN.
MICROPHONES THAT WERE HIDDEN. AND THEY WERE MONITORED FOR
AND THEY WERE MONITORED FOR SURVEILLANCE PURPOSES.
SURVEILLANCE PURPOSES. BECAUSE STADIUM SCRAP, THAT
BECAUSE STADIUM SCRAP, THAT BUSINESS THAT OPENED UP IN
BUSINESS THAT OPENED UP IN QUEENS IN 1999, STADIUM SCRAP,
QUEENS IN 1999, STADIUM SCRAP, WAS FAKE.
WAS FAKE. IT WAS A BIG LONG-RUNNING
IT WAS A BIG LONG-RUNNING UNDERCOVER LAW ENFORCEMENT
UNDERCOVER LAW ENFORCEMENT OPERATION.
OPERATION. MULTIPLE LAW ENFORCEMENT
MULTIPLE LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES GOT TOGETHER AND
AUTHORITIES GOT TOGETHER AND THEY HATCHED THIS PLAN THAT THEY
THEY HATCHED THIS PLAN THAT THEY WOULD OPEN UP A FAKE BUSINESS IN
WOULD OPEN UP A FAKE BUSINESS IN QUEENS.
QUEENS. A FAKE SCRAP METAL AND AUTO
A FAKE SCRAP METAL AND AUTO SALVAGE BUSINESS IN THAT PART OF
SALVAGE BUSINESS IN THAT PART OF QUEENS.
QUEENS. AND THEY WOULD DO THAT BASICALLY
AND THEY WOULD DO THAT BASICALLY AS A STING OPERATION.
AS A STING OPERATION. BECAUSE THAT BUSINESS SECTOR IN
BECAUSE THAT BUSINESS SECTOR IN THAT PART OF NEW YORK WAS
THAT PART OF NEW YORK WAS GENERALLY BELIEVED BY LAW
GENERALLY BELIEVED BY LAW ENFORCEMENT TO BE ALL MOBBED UP
ENFORCEMENT TO BE ALL MOBBED UP AND SO THEY THOUGHT THEY COULD
AND SO THEY THOUGHT THEY COULD USE A FAKE BUSINESS OF THAT KIND
USE A FAKE BUSINESS OF THAT KIND TO TRY TO CRACK OPEN THE
TO TRY TO CRACK OPEN THE ORGANIZED CRIME INFILTRATION OF
ORGANIZED CRIME INFILTRATION OF THE BUSINESSES.
THE BUSINESSES. SO UNDERCOVER LAW ENFORCEMENT
SO UNDERCOVER LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS LEARNED TO -- I MEAN, I
OFFICERS LEARNED TO -- I MEAN, I DON’T KNOW -- DRIVE WRECKERS AND
DON’T KNOW -- DRIVE WRECKERS AND CAR CRUSHERS AND FORKLIFTS AND
CAR CRUSHERS AND FORKLIFTS AND FLATBED TRUCKS AND THEY LEARNED
FLATBED TRUCKS AND THEY LEARNED HOW TO DO THIS TYPE OF BUSINESS
HOW TO DO THIS TYPE OF BUSINESS AND THEY OPENED UP THIS FAKE
AND THEY OPENED UP THIS FAKE BUSINESS AND IN EARLY 1999 AND
BUSINESS AND IN EARLY 1999 AND THEY STARTED DOING WORK.
THEY STARTED DOING WORK. THEY WERE BUYING AND SELLING
THEY WERE BUYING AND SELLING SCRAPPED AUTOS AND SCRAP METAL
SCRAPPED AUTOS AND SCRAP METAL AND DOING AUTO SALVAGE.
AND DOING AUTO SALVAGE. BUT BINGO, AS SOON AS THEY
BUT BINGO, AS SOON AS THEY OPENED THAT THING UP, INSTANT
OPENED THAT THING UP, INSTANT RESULTS.
RESULTS. WITHIN A MONTH OF THEM OPENING
WITHIN A MONTH OF THEM OPENING UP, THIS FAKE BUSINESS, STADIUM
UP, THIS FAKE BUSINESS, STADIUM SCRAP, WITHIN A MONTH OF THEM
SCRAP, WITHIN A MONTH OF THEM OPENING, IN WALKED, AS PREDICTED
OPENING, IN WALKED, AS PREDICTED BY JOHN GOTTI, IN WALKED JOHN
BY JOHN GOTTI, IN WALKED JOHN GOTTI’S SON-IN-LAW.
GOTTI’S SON-IN-LAW. CAR MINE AGNELO, THE GUY WHO
CAR MINE AGNELO, THE GUY WHO GOTTI SAID WAS DESTINED TO BE
GOTTI SAID WAS DESTINED TO BE INDICTED ANY DAY NOW.
INDICTED ANY DAY NOW. ACCORDING TO STATE AND FEDERAL
ACCORDING TO STATE AND FEDERAL PROSECUTORS, THIS IS WHAT
PROSECUTORS, THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED NEXT.
HAPPENED NEXT. THIS IS FROM THE NEW YORK DAILY
THIS IS FROM THE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS COVERAGE AT THE TIME.
NEWS COVERAGE AT THE TIME. QUOTE, MR. AGNELO AND JOE
QUOTE, MR. AGNELO AND JOE BURGER, A 390 POUND CHILDHOOD
BURGER, A 390 POUND CHILDHOOD POUND NOEN AS JUM BE VISITED
POUND NOEN AS JUM BE VISITED STADIUM SCRAP AND SAID THAT AGO
STADIUM SCRAP AND SAID THAT AGO NELLO WANTED HIM TO BRING THE
NELLO WANTED HIM TO BRING THE METD
METD -- THE METAL TO HIS FACILITY
-- THE METAL TO HIS FACILITY INSTEAD.
INSTEAD. THEY GAVE THE OFFICERS A SIMPLE
THEY GAVE THE OFFICERS A SIMPLE MESSAGE.
MESSAGE. SELL HIM THE CRUSHED CARS AT
SELL HIM THE CRUSHED CARS AT ARTIFICIALLY LOW PRICES OR
ARTIFICIALLY LOW PRICES OR SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES.
SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES. LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS SAID
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS SAID THAT WHEN THE UNDERCOVER
THAT WHEN THE UNDERCOVER OFFICERS REFUSED, MR. AGNELO HAD
OFFICERS REFUSED, MR. AGNELO HAD ASSOCIATES FIRE BOMB THE
ASSOCIATES FIRE BOMB THE BUSINESS STADIUM SCRAP AND
BUSINESS STADIUM SCRAP AND BECAUSE IT WAS FAKE, BECAUSE IT
BECAUSE IT WAS FAKE, BECAUSE IT WAS AN UNDERCOVER LAW
WAS AN UNDERCOVER LAW ENFORCEMENT OPERATION SET UP
ENFORCEMENT OPERATION SET UP SPECIFICALLY TO CATCH CRIMINALS,
SPECIFICALLY TO CATCH CRIMINALS, THERE WERE CAMERAS AND
THERE WERE CAMERAS AND MICROPHONES EVERYWHERE THAT
MICROPHONES EVERYWHERE THAT CAUGHT ALL OF THAT.
CAUGHT ALL OF THAT. SO THEY WERE ABLE TO LAY IT ALL
SO THEY WERE ABLE TO LAY IT ALL OUT IN THE INDICTMENT AND IN THE
OUT IN THE INDICTMENT AND IN THE PRESS RELEASE THEY WERE VERY
PRESS RELEASE THEY WERE VERY PROUDLY ABLE TO SOON PUT OUT
PROUDLY ABLE TO SOON PUT OUT ABOUT THE INDICTMENTS THAT
ABOUT THE INDICTMENTS THAT DERIVED FROM THAT CASE.
DERIVED FROM THAT CASE. QUOTE, ON THE NIGHT OF JUNE 10th
QUOTE, ON THE NIGHT OF JUNE 10th AT DIRECTION OF AGNELO, THE LOCK
AT DIRECTION OF AGNELO, THE LOCK WAS CUT.
WAS CUT. ON JUNE 15th HE DIRECTED THE
ON JUNE 15th HE DIRECTED THE STADIUM, AT THE EXPRESS
STADIUM, AT THE EXPRESS DISCRETION, STADIUM SCRAP GATE
DISCRETION, STADIUM SCRAP GATE YARD WAS CUT AND ENTERED AND
YARD WAS CUT AND ENTERED AND BOTTLES FILLED WITH GASOLINE
BOTTLES FILLED WITH GASOLINE WERE THROWN AND THE GASOLINE WAS
WERE THROWN AND THE GASOLINE WAS IGNITED WITH ROAD FLARES.
IGNITED WITH ROAD FLARES. ON JUNE 29th THE STATE LOCK WAS
ON JUNE 29th THE STATE LOCK WAS GUT AND GASOLINE WAS THROWN ON
GUT AND GASOLINE WAS THROWN ON THE TRAILER ITSELF AND THE
THE TRAILER ITSELF AND THE GASOLINE WAS IGNITED.
GASOLINE WAS IGNITED. ON JUNE 30th, AGNELO HAD
ON JUNE 30th, AGNELO HAD BURGER -- SO TECHNICALLY HE’S
BURGER -- SO TECHNICALLY HE’S JUMBO BURGER, HE HAD JUMBO, MR.
JUMBO BURGER, HE HAD JUMBO, MR. BURGER,IN
BURGER,IN BURGER, INSPECT THE DAMAGE
BURGER, INSPECT THE DAMAGE CAUSED BY THE FIRE THE NIGHT
CAUSED BY THE FIRE THE NIGHT BEFORE WHICH MR. BURGER SHORTLY
BEFORE WHICH MR. BURGER SHORTLY AFTERWARD WAS OBSERVED DOING.
AFTERWARD WAS OBSERVED DOING. SO THIS BUST, THIS LONG-TIME
SO THIS BUST, THIS LONG-TIME UNDERCOVER STING OPERATION
UNDERCOVER STING OPERATION INVOLVING THE COPS RUNNING A
INVOLVING THE COPS RUNNING A FAKE SCRAP METAL AND AUTO
FAKE SCRAP METAL AND AUTO SALVAGE BUSINESS IN QUEENS HE,
SALVAGE BUSINESS IN QUEENS HE, THEY GOT A BUNCH OF ATTENTION
THEY GOT A BUNCH OF ATTENTION BECAUSE OF THIS OPERATION, BUT
BECAUSE OF THIS OPERATION, BUT ALSO BECAUSE IT DID NOT TAKE
ALSO BECAUSE IT DID NOT TAKE THEM LONG TO CATCH A BIG FISH.
THEM LONG TO CATCH A BIG FISH. THEY GOT GOTTI’S SON-IN-LAW.
THEY GOT GOTTI’S SON-IN-LAW. WHO IT TURNS OUT IS NOT A GUY
WHO IT TURNS OUT IS NOT A GUY JUST LOOKED UPON WITH DISFAVOR
JUST LOOKED UPON WITH DISFAVOR BY HIS FAMOUS FATHER-IN-LAW IN
BY HIS FAMOUS FATHER-IN-LAW IN PRISON.
PRISON. ACCORDING TO THE DAILY NEWS, HE
ACCORDING TO THE DAILY NEWS, HE WAS VIEWED AS A, QUOTE, REAL
WAS VIEWED AS A, QUOTE, REAL LIFE TONY SOPRANO.
LIFE TONY SOPRANO. A RUTHLESS 250 POUND MOPSTER WHO
A RUTHLESS 250 POUND MOPSTER WHO CONTROLLED HIGHLY PROFITABLE
CONTROLLED HIGHLY PROFITABLE LEGITIMATE BUSINESSES.
LEGITIMATE BUSINESSES. OVER THE YEARS HE SCUFFLED WITH
OVER THE YEARS HE SCUFFLED WITH COPS WRITING HIS TRAFFIC TICKETS
COPS WRITING HIS TRAFFIC TICKETS AND ACCUSED OF BEATING AN EX
AND ACCUSED OF BEATING AN EX EMPLOYEE WITH A TELEPHONE AND HE
EMPLOYEE WITH A TELEPHONE AND HE THREATENED TO BREAK THE FINGERS
THREATENED TO BREAK THE FINGERS OF A DEBT COLLECTOR AND PUT HIM
OF A DEBT COLLECTOR AND PUT HIM IN THE TRUNK OF A CAR.
IN THE TRUNK OF A CAR. THE INDICTMENT SAID HE
THE INDICTMENT SAID HE THREATENED TO HIT A STOCKBROKER
THREATENED TO HIT A STOCKBROKER WITH A HAMMER.
WITH A HAMMER. BUT WHEN THEY SNAPPED THE TRAP
BUT WHEN THEY SNAPPED THE TRAP SHUT ON THIS STING OPERATION,
SHUT ON THIS STING OPERATION, THIS AGNELLO FOR ALL OF HIS
THIS AGNELLO FOR ALL OF HIS STORMS.
STORMS. >> WAS--
>> WAS-- HE WAS NOT THE ONLY ONE THEY
HE WAS NOT THE ONLY ONE THEY CAUGHT.
CAUGHT. UNDER THE STATE’S ORGANIZED
UNDER THE STATE’S ORGANIZED CRIME CONTROL ACT -- BY THE TIME
CRIME CONTROL ACT -- BY THE TIME THEY WRAPPED UP THE OPERATION
THEY WRAPPED UP THE OPERATION THE FOLLOWING YEAR, IT WASN’T
THE FOLLOWING YEAR, IT WASN’T JUST HIM AND A HANDFUL OF GUYS
JUST HIM AND A HANDFUL OF GUYS IN HIS CREW, BY THE TIME THEY
IN HIS CREW, BY THE TIME THEY WRAPPED THIS UP THE FOLLOWING
WRAPPED THIS UP THE FOLLOWING YEAR THERE WERE 49 PEOPLE WHO
YEAR THERE WERE 49 PEOPLE WHO GOT ARRESTED IN THIS STING.
GOT ARRESTED IN THIS STING. SO, YEAH, THIS GOT A BUNCH OF
SO, YEAH, THIS GOT A BUNCH OF PRESS COVERAGE AND THERE WERE
PRESS COVERAGE AND THERE WERE BRAGGING RIGHTS INVOLVED FOR THE
BRAGGING RIGHTS INVOLVED FOR THE PROSECUTORS WHEN THE INDICTMENTS
PROSECUTORS WHEN THE INDICTMENTS CAME DOWN.
CAME DOWN. BUT LOOKING BACK ON IT NOW, WHAT
BUT LOOKING BACK ON IT NOW, WHAT SEEMS PARTICULARLY INTERESTING
SEEMS PARTICULARLY INTERESTING FOR US NOW IS THAT IT WASN’T OME
FOR US NOW IS THAT IT WASN’T OME THE PROSECUTORS WHO HAD BRAGGING
THE PROSECUTORS WHO HAD BRAGGING RIGHTS ABOUT THAT STING.
RIGHTS ABOUT THAT STING. NOW, AS I MENTIONED, THIS WAS A
NOW, AS I MENTIONED, THIS WAS A JOINT LAW ENFORCEMENT OPERATION.
JOINT LAW ENFORCEMENT OPERATION. AND IT INVOLVED A WHOLE BUNCH OF
AND IT INVOLVED A WHOLE BUNCH OF DIFFERENT LAW ENFORCEMENT
DIFFERENT LAW ENFORCEMENT ENTITIES INCLUDING NYPD AND
ENTITIES INCLUDING NYPD AND PROSECUTORS IN QUEENS.
PROSECUTORS IN QUEENS. AND IT ALSO INVOLVED ANOTHER
AND IT ALSO INVOLVED ANOTHER AGENCY.
AGENCY. WHOSE ANNUAL REPORT THAT YEAR
WHOSE ANNUAL REPORT THAT YEAR CONTAINED SOME OF THE JUICIEST
CONTAINED SOME OF THE JUICIEST DETAILS WE GOT ABOUT THIS WHOLE
DETAILS WE GOT ABOUT THIS WHOLE OPERATION.
OPERATION. AND THAT ENTITY, WHICH WAS A KEY
AND THAT ENTITY, WHICH WAS A KEY PART OF THIS STING OPERATION,
PART OF THIS STING OPERATION, WAS THE FRAUD SQUAD AT THE NEW
WAS THE FRAUD SQUAD AT THE NEW YORK STATE INSURANCE DEPARTMENT.
YORK STATE INSURANCE DEPARTMENT. AND THE NEW YORK STATE INSURANCE
AND THE NEW YORK STATE INSURANCE DEPARTMENT DOESN’T HAVE THAT
DEPARTMENT DOESN’T HAVE THAT NAME ANY MORE.
NAME ANY MORE. THAT INSURANCE DEPARTMENT HAS
THAT INSURANCE DEPARTMENT HAS NOW BEEN INCORPORATED INTO AN
NOW BEEN INCORPORATED INTO AN AGENCY CALLED THE NEW YORK
AGENCY CALLED THE NEW YORK DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL SERVICES.
SERVICES. BUT IT STILL DOES THE SAME WORK
BUT IT STILL DOES THE SAME WORK AND THEY’VE STILL GOT THE SAME
AND THEY’VE STILL GOT THE SAME LAW ENFORCEMENT
LAW ENFORCEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES.
RESPONSIBILITIES. AND I’M SURE, BECAUSE THEY DO
AND I’M SURE, BECAUSE THEY DO CRIMINAL INSURANCE ENFORCEMENT,
CRIMINAL INSURANCE ENFORCEMENT, I’M SURE A BUNCH OF THAEM IS AS
I’M SURE A BUNCH OF THAEM IS AS BORING AS IT SOUNDS BUT
BORING AS IT SOUNDS BUT SOMETIMES IN THE RELATIVELY
SOMETIMES IN THE RELATIVELY RECENT HISTORY OF THAT AGENCY,
RECENT HISTORY OF THAT AGENCY, IT HAS BEEN THE OPPOSITE OF
IT HAS BEEN THE OPPOSITE OF BORING.
BORING. IT IS FRONT PAGE NEWS FOR MANY
IT IS FRONT PAGE NEWS FOR MANY DAYS RUNNING.
DAYS RUNNING. IT IS DUDES LEARNING TO RUN AUTO
IT IS DUDES LEARNING TO RUN AUTO CRUSHERS AND OPENING UP FAKE
CRUSHERS AND OPENING UP FAKE SCRAP METAL IN QUEENS NEXT TO
SCRAP METAL IN QUEENS NEXT TO SHEA STADIUM AND GETTING FIRE
SHEA STADIUM AND GETTING FIRE BOMBED BY GUYS CALLED JUMBO WHO
BOMBED BY GUYS CALLED JUMBO WHO THREATEN TO SNAP OFF PEOPLE’S
THREATEN TO SNAP OFF PEOPLE’S FINGERS AND SHOVE THEM INTO
FINGERS AND SHOVE THEM INTO TRUNKS.
TRUNKS. IT WRAPPED UP 50 SUSPECTED
IT WRAPPED UP 50 SUSPECTED GANGSTERS AT A TIME INCLUDING
GANGSTERS AT A TIME INCLUDING PROVING JOHN GOTTI RIGHT ABOUT
PROVING JOHN GOTTI RIGHT ABOUT THE PROPENSITY OF HIS SON-IN-LAW
THE PROPENSITY OF HIS SON-IN-LAW FOR GETTING INDICTED SOME TIME
FOR GETTING INDICTED SOME TIME SOON BECAUSE OF HI VIOLENT
SOON BECAUSE OF HI VIOLENT TEMPER.
TEMPER. AND THAT IS THE SAME AGENCY, THE
AND THAT IS THE SAME AGENCY, THE EXACT SAME AGENCY THAT HAS NOW
EXACT SAME AGENCY THAT HAS NOW SUBPOENAED THE INSURANCE BROKER
SUBPOENAED THE INSURANCE BROKER THAT HAS DONE BUSINESS FOR YEARS
THAT HAS DONE BUSINESS FOR YEARS WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AND HIS BUSINESS.
STATES AND HIS BUSINESS. THAT IS THE AGENCY THAT HAS SENT
THAT IS THE AGENCY THAT HAS SENT THAT COMPANY, WHAT IS REPORTED
THAT COMPANY, WHAT IS REPORTED TO BE AN EXPANSIVE NINE-PAGE
TO BE AN EXPANSIVE NINE-PAGE SUBPOENA DEMANDING THAT THAT
SUBPOENA DEMANDING THAT THAT INSURANCE BROKER HAND OVER MORE
INSURANCE BROKER HAND OVER MORE THAN SO YEARS OF INTERNAL
THAN SO YEARS OF INTERNAL COMPANY DOCUMENTS THAT MENTION
COMPANY DOCUMENTS THAT MENTION DONALD TRUMP, OR THE TRUMP
DONALD TRUMP, OR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, OR PLUS ALL
ORGANIZATION, OR PLUS ALL POLICIES THAT WERE ISSUED TO THE
POLICIES THAT WERE ISSUED TO THE PRESIDENT OR TO HIS BUSINESS,
PRESIDENT OR TO HIS BUSINESS, PLUS ANY APPLICATIONS OR
PLUS ANY APPLICATIONS OR SUPPORTING MATERIALS THAT WERE
SUPPORTING MATERIALS THAT WERE SUBMITTED BY THE PRESIDENT OR
SUBMITTED BY THE PRESIDENT OR HIS BUSINESS IN ORDER TO OBTAIN
HIS BUSINESS IN ORDER TO OBTAIN THOSE INSURANCE POLICIES.
THOSE INSURANCE POLICIES. AND NO, THAT IS NOT OPENING UP A
AND NO, THAT IS NOT OPENING UP A MOB HONEY POT SCRAP YARD UP BY
MOB HONEY POT SCRAP YARD UP BY THE MET’S OLD STADIUM.
THE MET’S OLD STADIUM. BUT THE BALL ON THIS ONE IS NOW
BUT THE BALL ON THIS ONE IS NOW ROLLING WITH THAT SAME AGENCY.
ROLLING WITH THAT SAME AGENCY. >> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE DID THE
>> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE DID THE PRESIDENT PROVIDE INFLATED ASSET
PRESIDENT PROVIDE INFLATED ASSET TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY.
TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY. >> YES.
>> YES. >> CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHY YOU HAD
>> CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHY YOU HAD THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND WHAT YOU USED THEM FOR?
WHAT YOU USED THEM FOR? >> WHEN WE WERE DEALING LATER ON
>> WHEN WE WERE DEALING LATER ON WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES, WE
WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES, WE WOULD PROVIDE THEM WITH THESE
WOULD PROVIDE THEM WITH THESE COPIES SO THAT THEY WOULD
COPIES SO THAT THEY WOULD UNDERSTAND THAT THE PREMIUM,
UNDERSTAND THAT THE PREMIUM, WHICH IS BASED SOMETIMES UPON
WHICH IS BASED SOMETIMES UPON THE INDIVIDUAL’S CAPABILITIES TO
THE INDIVIDUAL’S CAPABILITIES TO PAY WOULD BE REDUCED.
PAY WOULD BE REDUCED. >> AND ALL OF THIS WAS DONE AT
>> AND ALL OF THIS WAS DONE AT THE PRESIDENT’S DIRECTION AND
THE PRESIDENT’S DIRECTION AND WITH HIS KNOWLEDGE?
WITH HIS KNOWLEDGE? >> YES.
>> YES. >> AND DID THIS INFORMATION
>> AND DID THIS INFORMATION PROVIDED TO US INFLATE THE
PROVIDED TO US INFLATE THE PRESIDENT’S ASSETS?
PRESIDENT’S ASSETS? >> I BELIEVE THESE NUMBERS ARE
>> I BELIEVE THESE NUMBERS ARE INFLATED.
INFLATED. >> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE
>> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED
PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED ASSETS TO A BANK IN ORDER TO
ASSETS TO A BANK IN ORDER TO HELP HIM OBTAIN A LOAN?
HELP HIM OBTAIN A LOAN? >> THE GENTLEMAN’S TIME HAS
>> THE GENTLEMAN’S TIME HAS EXPIRED.
EXPIRED. >> BUT YOU MAY ANSWER THAT
>> BUT YOU MAY ANSWER THAT QUESTION.
QUESTION. >> THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS
>> THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK
WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH
ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH HIM AND NOW ATTEMPT TO -- TO
HIM AND NOW ATTEMPT TO -- TO ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY SO THAT
ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY SO THAT HE COULD PUT A BID ON THE
HE COULD PUT A BID ON THE BUFFALO BILLS.
BUFFALO BILLS. >> THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANSWERS.
>> THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANSWERS. >> TODAY FOR THE FOURTH TIME IN
>> TODAY FOR THE FOURTH TIME IN NINE DAYS, THE PRESIDENT’S LONG
NINE DAYS, THE PRESIDENT’S LONG TIME ATTORNEY MICHAEL COHEN GAVE
TIME ATTORNEY MICHAEL COHEN GAVE TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS.
TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS. FOR THE SECOND TIME TODAY HE
FOR THE SECOND TIME TODAY HE TESTIFIES BEHIND CLOSED DOOR TOS
TESTIFIES BEHIND CLOSED DOOR TOS THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IN
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IN THE HOUSE.
THE HOUSE. THAT COMMITTEE HAD ONLY INTENDED
THAT COMMITTEE HAD ONLY INTENDED TO SPEAK WITH HIM ONCE THURSDAY
TO SPEAK WITH HIM ONCE THURSDAY OF LAST WEEK BUT COHEN’S LAWYERS
OF LAST WEEK BUT COHEN’S LAWYERS SAY A DECISION WAS MADE TO BRING
SAY A DECISION WAS MADE TO BRING HIM BACK FOR A SECOND ROUND OF
HIM BACK FOR A SECOND ROUND OF TESTIMONY TODAY.
TESTIMONY TODAY. ONLY BECAUSE COHEN BROUGHT THAT
ONLY BECAUSE COHEN BROUGHT THAT COMMITTEE NEW INFORMATION LAST
COMMITTEE NEW INFORMATION LAST WEEK.
WEEK. COMMITTEE MEMBERS DECIDED THEY
COMMITTEE MEMBERS DECIDED THEY WANTED TO ASK HIM MORE AND THEY
WANTED TO ASK HIM MORE AND THEY CRUCIALLY WANTED TO ASK HIM TO
CRUCIALLY WANTED TO ASK HIM TO PROVIDE ANY SUPPORTING
PROVIDE ANY SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION TO SHOW THEM TO
DOCUMENTATION TO SHOW THEM TO BACK UP THESE CLAIMS.
BACK UP THESE CLAIMS. AND AGAIN WE DON’T KNOW WHAT HAS
AND AGAIN WE DON’T KNOW WHAT HAS HAPPENED BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
HAPPENED BEHIND CLOSED DOORS. BUT EVEN JUST THE STUFF, THE
BUT EVEN JUST THE STUFF, THE PHYSICAL STUFF THAT COHEN
PHYSICAL STUFF THAT COHEN PROVIDED DURING HIS PUBLIC
PROVIDED DURING HIS PUBLIC TESTIMONY LOOKS LIKE IT MAY BE
TESTIMONY LOOKS LIKE IT MAY BE REAL TROUBLE.
REAL TROUBLE. I MEAN, THOSE FINANCIAL
I MEAN, THOSE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS YOU JUST HEARD COHEN
STATEMENTS YOU JUST HEARD COHEN BEING QUESTIONED ABOUT, THE
BEING QUESTIONED ABOUT, THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WERE THREE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WERE THREE YEARS OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL
YEARS OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION THAT CONE SAID WERE
CONDITION THAT CONE SAID WERE SMITDED BY THE PRESIDENT AND HIS
SMITDED BY THE PRESIDENT AND HIS BUSINESS TO AT LEAST ONE BANK TO
BUSINESS TO AT LEAST ONE BANK TO TRY TO OBTAIN A BANK LOAN AND TO
TRY TO OBTAIN A BANK LOAN AND TO INSURANCE COMPANIES.
INSURANCE COMPANIES. AND WHAT COHEN DESCRIBED ABOUT
AND WHAT COHEN DESCRIBED ABOUT THE CON TENTS OF THE FINANCIAL
THE CON TENTS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND WHAT THEY WERE
STATEMENTS AND WHAT THEY WERE USED FOR LOOKS LIKE A REASONABLE
USED FOR LOOKS LIKE A REASONABLE SUBSTANTIAL INVESTIGATION INTO
SUBSTANTIAL INVESTIGATION INTO FELONY BANK FRAUD AND INSURANCE
FELONY BANK FRAUD AND INSURANCE FRAUD.
FRAUD. COHEN SAID THE STATEMENTS WERE
COHEN SAID THE STATEMENTS WERE INFLATED.
INFLATED. THAT IS NOT A WILD CLAIM.
THAT IS NOT A WILD CLAIM. ONE TRUMP PROPERTY LISTED ON THE
ONE TRUMP PROPERTY LISTED ON THE STATEMENTS, PROPERTY IN WEST
STATEMENTS, PROPERTY IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY WAS BOUGHT BY
CHESTER COUNTY WAS BOUGHT BY TRUMP FOR $8 MILLION AND IT IS
TRUMP FOR $8 MILLION AND IT IS TWICE ASSESSED OF BEING WORTH
TWICE ASSESSED OF BEING WORTH LESS THAN $20 MILLION AND FORBES
LESS THAN $20 MILLION AND FORBES YESTERDAY REPORTED THAT NET
YESTERDAY REPORTED THAT NET WORTH OF THAT PROPERTY RIGHT NOW
WORTH OF THAT PROPERTY RIGHT NOW IS ABOUT $24 MILLION.
IS ABOUT $24 MILLION. THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF AND HIS
THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF AND HIS FEDERAL ETHICS DECLARATION LAST
FEDERAL ETHICS DECLARATION LAST YEAR DECLARED HE BELIEVED THAT
YEAR DECLARED HE BELIEVED THAT PROPERTY TO BE WORTH SOMEWHERE
PROPERTY TO BE WORTH SOMEWHERE BETWEEN $25 MILLION AND
BETWEEN $25 MILLION AND $50 MILLION AND NEVERTHELESS,
$50 MILLION AND NEVERTHELESS, DESPITE THE PRESIDENT’S OWN
DESPITE THE PRESIDENT’S OWN DECLARATION OF THE WORTH OF THAT
DECLARATION OF THE WORTH OF THAT PROPERTY THIS PAST YEAR, ON THE
PROPERTY THIS PAST YEAR, ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS HE LISTED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS HE LISTED THE WORTH AS $292 MILLION.
THE WORTH AS $292 MILLION. AND AGAIN, HE REPORTEDLY USED
AND AGAIN, HE REPORTEDLY USED THE STATEMENTS WITH BANKS AND
THE STATEMENTS WITH BANKS AND INSURANCE COMPANIES.
INSURANCE COMPANIES. AND $291 MILLION IS NOT A
AND $291 MILLION IS NOT A ROUNDING ERROR FOR A PROPERTY
ROUNDING ERROR FOR A PROPERTY LIKE THIS.
LIKE THIS. IN ADDITION TO THAT, "THE
IN ADDITION TO THAT, "THE WASHINGTON POST" FURTHER REPORTS
WASHINGTON POST" FURTHER REPORTS THAT UPON REVIEWING THE
THAT UPON REVIEWING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, IT APPEARS
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, IT APPEARS THAT TRUMP NOT ONLY INFLATED THE
THAT TRUMP NOT ONLY INFLATED THE VALUE OF SOME OF HIS ASSETS, HE
VALUE OF SOME OF HIS ASSETS, HE ALSO, QUOTE, EXAGGERATING HIS
ALSO, QUOTE, EXAGGERATING HIS WEALTH BY LEAVING THINGS OUT IN
WEALTH BY LEAVING THINGS OUT IN 2011 AND 2012 FOR INSTANCE THE
2011 AND 2012 FOR INSTANCE THE STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION OMITTED HIS HOTEL IN
CONDITION OMITTED HIS HOTEL IN CHICAGO WHICH AT THE TIME WAS
CHICAGO WHICH AT THE TIME WAS CARRYING A HIGH DEBT LOAD.
CARRYING A HIGH DEBT LOAD. LIKE -- THE LIKELY RESULT OF
LIKE -- THE LIKELY RESULT OF TRUMP’S OVER ALL DEBT SEEMED
TRUMP’S OVER ALL DEBT SEEMED SMALLER.
SMALLER. THERE ISN’T A MORAL STORY.
THERE ISN’T A MORAL STORY. IT SAYS SOMETHING ABOUT YOUR
IT SAYS SOMETHING ABOUT YOUR CHARACTER BUT THAT IS BESIDE THE
CHARACTER BUT THAT IS BESIDE THE POINT.
POINT. IT IS ONE THING TO TELL SOMEBODY
IT IS ONE THING TO TELL SOMEBODY YOU MET AT A BAR THAT YOU’RE
YOU MET AT A BAR THAT YOU’RE WORTH A LOT MORE THAN YOU ARE.
WORTH A LOT MORE THAN YOU ARE. IT IS LIKE, LYING ABOUT YOUR
IT IS LIKE, LYING ABOUT YOUR HEIGHT.
HEIGHT. OR LYING ABOUT BEING FIRST IN
OR LYING ABOUT BEING FIRST IN YOUR CLASS AT WHARTON OR LYING
YOUR CLASS AT WHARTON OR LYING ABOUT HOW MUCH MONEY YOU
ABOUT HOW MUCH MONEY YOU INHERITED FROM YOUR DAD AND
INHERITED FROM YOUR DAD AND WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE SELF-MADE
WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE SELF-MADE OR WHETHER OR NOT YOU WON THE
OR WHETHER OR NOT YOU WON THE POPULAR VOTE OR YOUR INAUGURAL
POPULAR VOTE OR YOUR INAUGURAL CROWD OR WHETHER YOU ACTUALLY
CROWD OR WHETHER YOU ACTUALLY BUILT ONE INCH OF THE WALL.
BUILT ONE INCH OF THE WALL. LYING IS LYING IS LYING.
LYING IS LYING IS LYING. IT COULD BE A WHOLE WAY OF LIFE
IT COULD BE A WHOLE WAY OF LIFE IT TURNS OUT.
IT TURNS OUT. BUT IT IS DIFFERENT WHEN YOU LIE
BUT IT IS DIFFERENT WHEN YOU LIE IN YOUR WRITTEN FINANCIAL
IN YOUR WRITTEN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
STATEMENTS. THAT YOU HAVE SUBMITTED TO
THAT YOU HAVE SUBMITTED TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND IN AN
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND IN AN EFFORT TO GET BANK LOANS OR
EFFORT TO GET BANK LOANS OR DEFRAUD INSURANCE COMPANIES.
DEFRAUD INSURANCE COMPANIES. WHEN YOU LIE IN FINANCIAL
WHEN YOU LIE IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, THOSE INDUSTRIES ARE
STATEMENTS, THOSE INDUSTRIES ARE TIGHTLY REGULATED.
TIGHTLY REGULATED. AT LEAST AGAINST THAT KIND OF
AT LEAST AGAINST THAT KIND OF FRAUD.
FRAUD. AND WHEN YOU LIE TO THOSE KINDS
AND WHEN YOU LIE TO THOSE KINDS OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, FOR
OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, FOR THOSE KINDS OF PURPOSES, AND
THOSE KINDS OF PURPOSES, AND THERE IS DOCUMENTATION OF IT,
THERE IS DOCUMENTATION OF IT, YOU’RE TELLING THE KINDS OF LIE
YOU’RE TELLING THE KINDS OF LIE THAT’S GET CHASED DOWN AND
THAT’S GET CHASED DOWN AND PROSECUTED BY AMONG OTHERS THE
PROSECUTED BY AMONG OTHERS THE TYPES OF PEOPLE WILLING TO OPEN
TYPES OF PEOPLE WILLING TO OPEN UP A FAKE SCRAP YARD IN QUEENS
UP A FAKE SCRAP YARD IN QUEENS AND FILM THEMSELVES GETTING FIRE
AND FILM THEMSELVES GETTING FIRE BOMBED MULTIPLE TIMES TO LOCK UP
BOMBED MULTIPLE TIMES TO LOCK UP 50 MOBSTERS.
50 MOBSTERS. AND TO THE EXTENT THAT MICHAEL
AND TO THE EXTENT THAT MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY AND SUPPORTING
COHEN’S TESTIMONY AND SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION BOLSTERS CLAIMS OF
DOCUMENTATION BOLSTERS CLAIMS OF FELONY BANK FRAUD, IT IS
FELONY BANK FRAUD, IT IS IMPORTANT TO KNOW THAT THE
IMPORTANT TO KNOW THAT THE ENTITY COHEN DESCRIBED AS THE
ENTITY COHEN DESCRIBED AS THE TARGET OF THAT ATTEMPTED BANK
TARGET OF THAT ATTEMPTED BANK FRAUD, DEUTSCHE BANK THEY ARE
FRAUD, DEUTSCHE BANK THEY ARE COOPERATING WITH CONGRESSIONAL
COOPERATING WITH CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATORS.
INVESTIGATORS. WHEN IT COMES TO THE INSURANCE
WHEN IT COMES TO THE INSURANCE SIDE OF THAT ALLEGED FRAUD BY
SIDE OF THAT ALLEGED FRAUD BY COHEN, IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE
COHEN, IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT UPON RECEIVING THE SUBPOENA
THAT UPON RECEIVING THE SUBPOENA FROM THE AGENCY THAT INVENTED
FROM THE AGENCY THAT INVENTED STADIUM SCRAP AND FACED OFF WITH
STADIUM SCRAP AND FACED OFF WITH JUMBO, THAT LARGE INSURANCE
JUMBO, THAT LARGE INSURANCE AGENCY IS ALSO REPORTEDLY FULLY
AGENCY IS ALSO REPORTEDLY FULLY COOPERATING WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT
COOPERATING WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AND INVESTIGATING AUTHORITIES.
AND INVESTIGATING AUTHORITIES. SO THOSE BALLS ARE ROLLING.
SO THOSE BALLS ARE ROLLING. AND SPEAKING OF ROLLING.
AND SPEAKING OF ROLLING. TODAY MICHAEL COHEN WAS BACK
TODAY MICHAEL COHEN WAS BACK BEFORE THE INTELLIGENCE
BEFORE THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE AGAIN.
COMMITTEE AGAIN. AND THIS TIME IN WHAT MUST HAVE
AND THIS TIME IN WHAT MUST HAVE BEEN AN OMINOUS SIGN FOR THE
BEEN AN OMINOUS SIGN FOR THE WHITE HOUSE, MICHAEL COHEN AND
WHITE HOUSE, MICHAEL COHEN AND HIS LEGAL TEAM WALKED INTO THAT
HIS LEGAL TEAM WALKED INTO THAT TESTIMONY ROLLING A BUNCH OF
TESTIMONY ROLLING A BUNCH OF SUITCASES.
SUITCASES. ONE SUITCASE, TWO SUITCASES,
ONE SUITCASE, TWO SUITCASES, THREE SUITCASES.
THREE SUITCASES. PLUS ALL OF THE FILE FOLDERS AND
PLUS ALL OF THE FILE FOLDERS AND THE BRIEFCASES FULL OF
THE BRIEFCASES FULL OF DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. AMONG THE MATERIALS THAT MICHAEL
AMONG THE MATERIALS THAT MICHAEL COHEN IS SAID TO HAVE HANDED
COHEN IS SAID TO HAVE HANDED OVER TO THE INTELLIGENCE
OVER TO THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TODAY WERE ADDITIONAL
COMMITTEE TODAY WERE ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS ABOUT THE PREPARATION
DOCUMENTS ABOUT THE PREPARATION OF HIS PREVIOUS TESTIMONY TO
OF HIS PREVIOUS TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS FOR WHICH HE HAS NOW
CONGRESS FOR WHICH HE HAS NOW PLED GUILTY TO LYING ABOUT
PLED GUILTY TO LYING ABOUT CERTAIN ASPECTS OF THE TRUMP
CERTAIN ASPECTS OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION SECRET EFFORTS
ORGANIZATION SECRET EFFORTS DURING THE CAMPAIGN TO BUILD A
DURING THE CAMPAIGN TO BUILD A BIG, RICH, MOSCOW REAL ESTATE
BIG, RICH, MOSCOW REAL ESTATE PROJECT WITH HELP FROM THE
PROJECT WITH HELP FROM THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT AND AT LEAST
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT AND AT LEAST ONE SANCTIONED RUSSIAN BANK.
ONE SANCTIONED RUSSIAN BANK. THINK ABOUT THOSE LIES.
THINK ABOUT THOSE LIES. WHY DID COHEN LIE THAT WAY TO
WHY DID COHEN LIE THAT WAY TO CONGRESS, THE FIRST TIME HE
CONGRESS, THE FIRST TIME HE TESTIFIED BEFORE THEM.
TESTIFIED BEFORE THEM. THERE IS NO REASON THOSE LIES
THERE IS NO REASON THOSE LIES ABOUT THE TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW
ABOUT THE TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW PROJECT WOULD BENEFIT MICHAEL
PROJECT WOULD BENEFIT MICHAEL COHEN IN ANY WAY.
COHEN IN ANY WAY. THE LIES THAT HE TOLD IN THAT
THE LIES THAT HE TOLD IN THAT TESTIMONY, WHICH AGAIN HE’S PLED
TESTIMONY, WHICH AGAIN HE’S PLED YILT GUILTY FOR, THEY APPEAR TO
YILT GUILTY FOR, THEY APPEAR TO BE DESIGNED NOT TO HELP HIMSELF
BE DESIGNED NOT TO HELP HIMSELF BUT TO OFFER POLITICAL COVER TO
BUT TO OFFER POLITICAL COVER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. ACCORDING TO REPORTS FROM EMILY
ACCORDING TO REPORTS FROM EMILY JANE FOX AT VANITY FAIR AND CNN
JANE FOX AT VANITY FAIR AND CNN AND OTHERS, TODAY’S NEW
AND OTHERS, TODAY’S NEW DOCUMENTS FROM COHEN ABOUT THAT
DOCUMENTS FROM COHEN ABOUT THAT TESTIMONY WERE INTENDED TO
TESTIMONY WERE INTENDED TO BOLSTER THE CLAIMS FROM COHEN
BOLSTER THE CLAIMS FROM COHEN THAT LAWYERS ACTING ON BEHALF OF
THAT LAWYERS ACTING ON BEHALF OF PRESIDENT TRUMP HELPED CONCOCT
PRESIDENT TRUMP HELPED CONCOCT HIS FALSE TESTIMONY ABOUT TRUMP
HIS FALSE TESTIMONY ABOUT TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW.
TOWER MOSCOW. AGAIN FALSE TESTIMONY THAT DID
AGAIN FALSE TESTIMONY THAT DID NOT BENEFIT COHEN, IT
NOT BENEFIT COHEN, IT SPECIFICALLY BENEFITED PRESIDENT
SPECIFICALLY BENEFITED PRESIDENT TRUMP AND SOLICITING FALSE
TRUMP AND SOLICITING FALSE TESTIMONY BEFORE CONGRESS IS
TESTIMONY BEFORE CONGRESS IS DESCRIBED AS OBSTRUCTION OF
DESCRIBED AS OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE IN THE ARTICLES OF
JUSTICE IN THE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT AGAINST NIXON AND
IMPEACHMENT AGAINST NIXON AND CLINTON.
CLINTON. AS A MATTER OF CRIMINAL LAW IS
AS A MATTER OF CRIMINAL LAW IS IT IS -- IS PURGY WHICH IS
IT IS -- IS PURGY WHICH IS FELONY AND THAT WOULD DEPEND ON
FELONY AND THAT WOULD DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF THE CASE.
THE FACTS OF THE CASE. BUT TODAY WAS THE DAY WHEN
BUT TODAY WAS THE DAY WHEN MICHAEL COHEN INITIALLY WAS
MICHAEL COHEN INITIALLY WAS SUPPOSED TO BE REPORTING TO
SUPPOSED TO BE REPORTING TO FEDERAL PRISON.
FEDERAL PRISON. TO START SERVING HIS FEDERAL
TO START SERVING HIS FEDERAL PRISON SENTENCE FOR LYING TO
PRISON SENTENCE FOR LYING TO CONGRESS AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE
CONGRESS AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE FELONIES AND OTHER CRIMES.
FELONIES AND OTHER CRIMES. AFTER BEING GIVEN A FEW WEEKS
AFTER BEING GIVEN A FEW WEEKS EXTENSION BY THE FEDERAL JUDGE
EXTENSION BY THE FEDERAL JUDGE OVERSEEING HIS CASE, IT IS JUST
OVERSEEING HIS CASE, IT IS JUST REMARKABLE TO SEE HIM SPENDING
REMARKABLE TO SEE HIM SPENDING HIS LAST WEEKS OF LIBERTY
HIS LAST WEEKS OF LIBERTY ROLLING IN SUITCASES FULL OF
ROLLING IN SUITCASES FULL OF DOCUMENTS THAT MAY ULTIMATELY
DOCUMENTS THAT MAY ULTIMATELY STAND TO BURY THE PRESIDENT.